finally with the skies completely clear
I get a glimpse of the phenomenon I've
been searching for it's not what is
expecting it's just like a big smear
across the sky
it stretches round and it kind of
rainbow that's a single color of green
all the way around to their eyes and on
that side
[Music]
what I'm really hoping for is that
classic Northern Lights big flowing
river of light big ribbon through the
sky it is tantalizingly close to seeing
what I've come here to see as quickly as
they appeared
the lights vanish I have no way of
telling when or if they'll come back
without cloud cover temperatures plummet
to minus 25
critics be its level of coldness
actually makes you really tired you're
using up a lot of energy just to stay
warm though even moving up moving around
they say everything's cold you feel the
call coming up from the ground it's
coming in from all say it's just
all-consuming
and I'm just wondering if there is if I
have a cut-off point if it's gonna get
so called that is it's not gonna be
possible to stand out here
[Music]
my eyes begin to play tricks on me and I
start to question what I'm seeing there
is something happening in the sky but
neither my eyes nor my camera can fully
see it as the Northern Lights yes we are
because at times it looks like look like
clouds moving very fast and then as it
is at the moment look at that it's just
burst into life holy smokes gee whiz
that is phenomenal it just changes in an
instant look at that my goodness that is
something else it starts off as a self
almost an underwhelming cloud and
suddenly it starts to shift and take
form and the lights start to dance and
flicker and move and what is just a
smear becomes this a rich texture that's
moving across the sky from Horizon to
Horizon
[Music]
every single second is is precious and
you get a sense every moment you watch
this that as far back in time all those
millions of years that this has been
taking place it has never been like this
before and then it changes again
[Music]
after a couple of hours they are all
rebelled turn incredible crescendo
these particles from the Sun have
traveled nearly 150 million kilometers
it's quite hard to take it all in it is
just it is so grand so spectacular it is
it's mind-blowing
[Music]
I couldn't affiliate help after a bumpy
start I can't imagine being here with
anyone else
and I want something special to remember
our time together that's a boy handsome
handsome hat
yeah good fellow whose heads reindeers
don't like hugs boy okay right we'll do
a selfie you know my cell phones don't
you everyone does
even reindeer go unless your head best
smile right boy look this way three two
one
[Music]
this has been an incredible journey and
to top it off I think I've got my
Christmas card sorted
[Music]
[Applause]